welcome to the falcon and the winter
soldier
crammed marvel's phase 4 continues and
gives us a look at the first world
geopolitical fallout of having half your
population
suddenly blip back into existence let's
go
in tunisian airspace sam wilson is
working for the us air force as the
falcon to intercept a criminal
organization known as laf that's
kidnapping a military liaison called
captain versant and it turns out the laf
is run by betroth the french algerian
mercenary from the days of captain
america and the winter soldier
falcon flies in for some close quarters
combat making use of his armoured wings
and jetpack fighting techniques
but batroc and his goons turn for
kidnapping into an extreme sports event
by putting on wingsuits and gliding
through canyon terrain with helicopter
gunship support
the falcon however has claws of his own
deploying the drone red wing
and other explosives on the mercenaries
in order to take the fight
back to them giving us lots of high
speed action while sam makes use of the
suit's agility
he saves versant before they cross into
libyan airspace
managing to make batok look very silly
so he chills out with first lieutenant
torres who's there to provide
intel during his operations it's been
six months since the unsnapping of
avengers endgame
and there's all sorts of crazy theories
over what really happened
to captain america but the thing is he's
passed the shield
and its responsibilities over to sam who
despite being an
excellent soldier does not feel right
about taking up the mantle he hangs up
the shield instead
to honor steve's memory but rodie the
war machine
reminds him that the world is still
recovering and needs heroes to look up
to
something to think on meanwhile we take
a look back to find
bucky barnes is reliving a lot of his
past hydra assassinations in his
nightmares
coming to terms with the damage he's
done he has to attend counselling
meetings
as well as using his memories to help
uncover some of the former hydra pawns
but are still out there being [ __ ]
and he also makes amends with them
letting them know he's no longer a
killer much like the final steps of a
drug addict recovery program
for some reason his only friend is a
japanese grandpa who sets him up on a
date with a cute waitress
but he grieves for death of his son who
was killed long ago when working abroad
so the next night the young lady gets to
know the 106 year old who's a little out
of touch
they discuss family like bucky's sister
over some beer
and she mentions how cute it is that
he's hanging out with yori who never got
any closure over his loss
and it turns out he's yet another name
on bucky's list of amends
being the one who killed his son who was
simply in the wrong place
at the wrong time but it's still too
much for him to admit
meanwhile lieutenant torres joins a
meet-up in switzerland he heard about on
the dark web where a group of activists
run diversion for a terrorist group
called for flagsmashers who've just
robbed a bank
led by an unusually strong masked
villain something that sam
seems keen to keep an eye on also sam's
sister sarah wants to sell their parents
failing shrimp boat business because
she's falling into debt
and doesn't want his help plus the bank
won't give them an fda loan
because as far as they're concerned
being turned to ash for five years
looks just the same as having no income
so the home life is kind of tough
and they have some stuff to work through
but that's put on hold
because the department of defense has
made the tasteless and disrespectful
committee thinking decision
to hand the shield over to a brand new
captain america
so we take a look at john walker a u.s
army soldier who's got a lot of
expectations on his shoulders with a
little support from his missus
he's been drilled silly through senator
meetings and press briefings
and wants to do his best so for now he's
mostly a marketing tool
just like the early days of the first
avenger but he's a soldier with three
medals of honor whose physical training
may not be super strength
but is far above human average he seems
like a good guy
even if the ex-girlfriend club is
feeling moody
bucky is angry at sam for giving up the
shield but
the falcon is busy looking into the flag
smashers so they both fly over to
germany and try to out macho each other
with stupid displays
to prove which one of them really loved
steve rogers for most
they locate the enhanced group who is on
the move and bucky sprints in for a look
at the medical cargo
but the flag smashers are able to keep
pace with the white wolf of wakanda
and even break redwing but the new
captain america and his boyfriend
drop in to offer support leaving
everyone feeling a little conflicted
the fight doesn't go well however and
the enhanced strength
terrorists are on some kind of super
serum and the exes have to bail
and although john walker keeps an eye
out for his friends
they too are repelled and everyone gets
an uncomfortable lift back to the
airport
jw wants some respect his job is to help
the global repatriation council
get the displaced unsnapping refugees
back on their feet and
into the system which is why they're
trying to stop the flag smashers who
would prefer a return to anarchy
but sam isn't looking to join forces and
bucky straight up
wants to take the shield back from them
they head over to baltimore where bucky
meets an old enemy of his from the
korean war
called isaiah a man who's managed to
fend the hydra assassin off back in the
day
because it turns out the us had made
other quiet attempts at
super soldiers but back then they locked
up isaiah after his mission
instead of praising him and instead
victimized him with years of
experimenting in prison
making sam furious but bucky is arrested
before they can investigate further
for missing one of his
government-mandated therapy sessions
so as part of the bail posted by jw they
get to attend a couple's therapy session
where dr kramer tells them to get in
close and speak their truth
you see if steve trusted sam with the
shield and he was wrong about that
then maybe steve was also wrong about
believing in bucky
but the shield is none of his business
and they
both feel awful outside the new captain
and his mate omar are still
super keen to be friends but he finally
gets the hint from bucky
that it's not gonna happen john walker
is a government agent who has to follow
their rules
something steve fought against during
civil war unlike bucky and sam
who get to act a bit more flexibly as
free agents
meanwhile the flag smashers led by carly
morgenfore
make it to a safe house because it seems
there are a lot of people in the world
who believe
in their cause seeing them as freedom
fighters who experience the whole world
as being finally unified
after the horror of thanos is snapping
and view the global repatriation council
as being just another system designed to
keep people divided again
and return the previous corrupt leaders
back to their positions of power
but she might be on the run from a third
party
they remain on the move with their cargo
and managed to escape the authorities
once more
thanks to one of their members who
sacrifices himself for his ideals
and in order to give the rest of them
time to fly away
and short of any other leads regarding
the super soldier program
falcon and the winter soldier go to meet
with the one man
who is responsible for successfully
breaking the avengers apart
back in phase three former sokovian
intelligence officer
helmut zemo well it looks like seven
years of good behavior has gotten zemo
downgraded to a medium-security prison
since civil war
and bucky talks to him alone helmut only
used the winter soldier
as a means to an end but the news that
there's more super soldiers out in the
world again
disturbs him too so willing to break the
rules for some more info
bucky helps create a distraction by
starting a prison riot
and provides zemo with what he needs to
escape on his own
much to sam's surprise but they will be
keeping him on a tight leash
meanwhile john walker is two steps
behind everything and treated like a
joke by those loyal to the flag smashers
so decides instead to just keep an eye
on what sam and bucky get up to
zemo is a baron as well as a former
intelligence officer
and has access to resources like his old
combat gear
and a private jet he takes an interest
in bucky's list of names
which is not appreciated and both the
younger men give
barnes a hard time for not loving marvin
gaye helmut is flying them to magi
deport
a kind of lawless island nation near
indonesia that's a haven for those
keeping off the grid
in order to blend in sam is posing as
the smiling tiger
and bucky pretends to be his old winter
soldier self
under zemo's control the low town
underworld is run by the power broker
the same person who's also chasing down
the flag smashes but
they're here to see someone called selby
and after a little bit of public hydra
assassin flexing by bucky
to prove that they're cool enough to
hang out they get a face to face
selby knows the location of the
scientist but was last working on the
super soldier serum
but sam gets a loudspeaker call from his
sister that blows their cover just
before
selby is killed by a sniper the boys
escape
under gunfire to discover that their
retreat is being covered by former
shield agent 13.
sharon carter unlike the ex-boyfriend
club she never handed herself in after
civil war to receive a pardon
and has been selling stolen art on the
black market and hosting private parties
ever since
so sam offers to help her get her name
cleared in return for some assistance
despite her jaded outlook and she takes
them to the magi deport dockyards to the
secret laboratory
of dr wilfried nagle after hydra fell
he was picked up by the cia to optimize
the super soldier serum
using the blood samples taken from
isaiah and he then
ended up here where he made 20 complete
samples for the power broker before they
were stolen by carly morgenthau's flag
smashers
meanwhile the whole time that they're
getting this information sharon carter
is outside
stopping bounty hunters sent by the
power broker from interfering by
striking them with hit-and-run combat
techniques
and aggressive takedowns but zemo
continues his own agenda by suddenly
killing the scientist
just before the power brokers men up
their game and blow up the lab
so the team starts shooting their way
out of the situation
and baron zemo takes on his comic book
look for a moment
before finishing off the attackers and
stealing a nice car
sharon's not going with them however as
she has her own things to do
and the boys fly out to a safe house
meanwhile the flag smashes are
continuing to raid for global
repatriation council supply depots
but a stockpiling month's worth of
medicine and food in order to actually
hand it out to the displaced refugees
they were former mob security members
from matadipo
before injecting themselves with the
serum they stole and taking on the robin
hood mantle to help those in the camps
except that carly is willing to go the
extra step and
also kill people in order to send a
clear message
and as they head to a safe house the
white wolf stops to take a walk around
the area
because he spotted some familiar
surveillance technology
and takes a moment to say hello to one
of the royal guards from wakanda
who have come for zebo the man who blew
up their former king
you see six years ago after civil war
the wakundens helped remove the winter
soldier trigger words from bucky's
conditioning
allowing him a personal freedom he had
not had for most of his life
so he kind of owes them an explanation
and io gives him eight hours before they
come for zemo
who believes that carly morgenthau
cannot be reasoned with
and that those who pursue the use of
super soldier serum will always have a
strain of ideological supremacy
in them although the key members don't
seem super stoked about their murderous
actions so far
carly had tried to get the dead dr nagle
to help save the life of a grc camp
community leader called donya
and the boys pop over to the refugee
camp to find some clues
the internationally displaced however
give them the cold shoulder
despite knowing who sam is but zemo
proves the age-old method of using
sweets to lure in children but to get to
the details of donya's upcoming funeral
but he keeps the details to himself in
order to remain
useful while sam calls sharon who offers
to monitor some surveillance satellites
over the area
in a bid to find carly and stop the
power broker from turning mad deport
into a war zone she plans to use the
last of the serum to make some more
super soldiers to join her ranks
but first they're going to a funeral jw
catches up with the boys
and is surprised to discover that sam
wants to try talking to carly alone
first
to see if she can be reasoned with
thanks to zemo's lead
and captain america 2 gives him 10
minutes to try things his way without
making a scene
sam can relate to carly's frustration
and outlook
but doesn't believe that a truly better
world can come from killing people
just a different one but the stress of
sitting patiently is kind of getting
under jw's skin
and giving him an itchy trigger finger
causing bucky to realize that he might
be
on the slow road to a nervous breakdown
so sam's peaceful negotiations are ended
early and carly makes her escape with
the serum
only to be headed off by zemo he's still
intent on ridding the world of super
soldiers
and smashes all the serum without
hesitation
but he's knocked out by john walker who
finds
one surviving dose which quietly gives
him an erection
and back at the safe house he's also
throwing ego tantrums
and trying to start fights just in time
for the dora milage to join the
conversation
who've come for zemo and despite a
friendly warning the captain is keen to
exercise his authority over anyone he
can
in order to feel in control this was a
mistake as for highly trained wakandan
elite
beats down the moody boys as well as
bucky and sam
who only step in to make sure no one
gets killed and it's time for a
privileged check all around
as the ladies remove the african
technology
but the american boys had gotten used to
treating as their own
but this distraction allows zemo to
escape
jw is bummed out at getting a slap down
instead of just being america number
one and talks himself into taking that
dose of super soldier serum off screen
instead of just having a shave and
taking a moment to chill
so when carly executes a new plan to
lure sam and bucky away for another
face-to-face meeting
thanks to a threatening phone call to
sam's sister it means that the rest of
her flag smashers can kidnap lamar
and make good on their attempts to kill
the new captain america
thankfully sharon carter phones in
everyone's location
from the satellite tracking and this
leads to a royal rumble
where bucky and sam use their various
skills to give a little payback to the
crew that threw them off of moving
trucks
whilst the now dosed up captain america
has clearly become more than they were
planning to chew on
helping to bring the fight right back to
the flag smashers
however they focus in on their one
target
and carly jumps in for the killing blow
but
lemar had escaped his bonds and leaps in
for a save that causes carly to punch
him clean into the next life
stunning everyone and having killed the
wrong man the revolutionaries make a run
for it
but the enraged captain america chases
one of the flag smashes down
and uses the shield to violently execute
the man
as he publicly begged for his life
covering it in blood
and killing his public image captain
america
literally runs away from his problems
but sam and bucky call it as it is
walker is no longer in a fit state to
carry the shield
so they tried to talk him down but his
insecurities
as well as his strengths have been
increased by the serum and he's seeing
enemies
in every corner each one of these men is
a trained
super agent with years of experience
using their techniques and equipment to
out fight each other the boys are going
for the shield
but john walker seems to be going for
the kill and he rips off the falcons
wings
before the boys work together to
dislocate jon's arm
as they tear the shield off him before
finishing business with a wwf
take down combo bucky has been telling
sam since
day one that this needed to happen long
before people got hurt
and long before the legacy of his best
friend
became tainted in blood back in
washington the council strips walker of
his captain america status
and discharge him from the military but
jw
is sick of them all he's dedicated his
whole life
to live by their mandates and become
captain america
only to be thrown under the bus and so
he walks out
on the hearing his wife offers support
but
they're interrupted by the mysterious
contessa valentina allegra de fontaine
also known as viveep who seems to
represent a group
that thinks he did the right thing and
consider him a valuable asset
for now having that serum in his blood
he pays his respect to lamar's grieving
family
and tells a different version of events
where the man he killed was for one
directly responsible for his friend's
death
but he catches up to zemo back in
sokovia by the memorial for those lost
to ultron
he's done running away but reminds the
winter soldier
that the only way to stop carly now is
to kill her
however the white wolf has grown to be
more than just a killer
and fedora milaje take him away sam
might have the shield
but he's unresolved about what it
represents
and he goes back to visit isaiah who
won't even look at it
he was a rare successful test subject of
the super soldier serum
but too black for america to consider as
a hero
so instead he was appallingly
experimented on
and locked up for 30 years while the
government told the world he was dead
the dark history of a captain america
program
that was kept quiet all this time he
then returns home and focuses on fixing
for family boat with his sister
calling in favors from everyone that
their parents had helped out over the
years
and the community comes together to do
some good
bucky visits as well with a present he
got from the wakandans some hard work
and
simpler problems to solve does everyone
some good
and they eventually come to communicate
with each other openly
sam is starting to train with the shield
but as a black american
the legacy of it is complicated
something that bucky hadn't considered
when he was being
angry at sam for not accepting it in the
first place
and sam counsels bucky to stop placing
his own self-worth
in steve rogers opinion of him and to go
put things right
for the other people on his list and
ultimately
for himself and the two partners finally
see
each other as friends the global
repatriation council have shut down the
latvian refugee camp
in response to the flag smashers and
want to push a vote on the patch act
which would close international borders
again and deport
20 million refugees out of the various
countries
that had previously welcomed them in
with open arms
for the last five years basically saying
thanks for helping to keep our economies
and infrastructure going after thanos is
snapping but now that everyone is back
we don't need you anymore so please just
go away
and over in madrid sharon carter seems
to be playing both sides
as she acts as a fixer to help the flag
smashers
also hire batroc who's not actually
interested in their cause
but is keen to kill the falcon so during
the vote of the grc hq
the flag smashers who have plenty of
sympathizers to their cause
make their next move and also john
walker is just making his own captain
america cosplay
the gdc building is surrounded by law
enforcement and
even sharon carter has entered the
country under cover to offer support
while the flag smashes inside the
building start causing trouble
thankfully that presence sam got turns
out to be a new top-of-the-range flight
suit
and he crashes in to fight for
terrorists as the new
true captain america the flag smashers
want the evacuation to continue however
as they have taken control of the evac
helicopter that's now full of council
members
while the rest of the gdc gets locked
into the armored trucks
but they hope will get them out safely
bucky chases them down on bike while
sharon tags the disguised flag smasher
with a mercury vapor bomb that kills him
horribly meanwhile petrock gets to have
his round
two with sam who's been putting his
shield training to good use to integrate
it into his fighting style
along with the flight suit however he
also knows to prioritize for hostages
over a dick measuring session
and bails on petroc to chase down the
hijacked helicopter
all while keeping an eye on other
civilians along the way
and his new armored wings helped to make
a formidable shell
against heavy debris and even work
underwater thanks to that wakandan
technology
so connecting with the comms of one of
the council member hostages who has some
former pilots training
he lets her know it's time to take the
stick as he shields slices for cockpit's
door
and precision body slams for flagsmasher
clean out the other side
well done for being involved carly in
the meantime decides that they may have
to just
kill the hostages to send their one
world message
and even die for the cause which is met
with lukewarm enthusiasm from everyone
else
so they intercept for ground level gdc
evacuees to take us hostages
but bucky bikes in with a body slam of
his own before carly sets one of the
trucks on fire
in order to keep the winter soldier
occupied however john walker cosplay
america
has arrived to avenge his friend and
once bucky gets the hostages out of
danger they both move in to fight the
terry's
he gets knocked down into a lower
construction site to continue his battle
while jw methodically and angrily beats
the rest of them down
so carly tries to drive the remaining
hostage van over the edge
to at least kill some of the council and
even after
everything when faced with the choice
john walker turns away from the fight
and uses his super strength to pull the
van back to safety
even as the others try to stop him and
with some help from the new captain
america and his red-winged drones
they succeed the last of the flag
smashers are starting to look like
they're in
over their heads and the new look
captain america and friends
have had enough of their [ __ ] so they
split up and make a run for it
after bertrock covers their escape only
for carly to run into sharon carter
or as she knows her the power broker
sharon has this whole time been for one
controlling matadorpod and
forcing production of the new serum
before hunting down the flag smashers
for stealing it
batroc joins in for a cheeky standoff
that results in sharon killing him while
also being shot
by khali sam arrives having missed this
minor revelation however
and takes on carly head to head despite
everything he's still trying to talk her
down from the fight
and keeps on defense against her
strength but
khali now views him as another person
who's just bought into the great lie
and is about to shoot sam before sharon
kills her
regardless of the serum she was
essentially an angry kid with a cause
that she believed in
and sam publicly faces the global
repatriation council
with a five-minute speech about the
impact they're about to have on those
refugees
he can't change the fact that there will
always be people out there
hating him for having the shield but he
believes that people can be better
imploring and shaming the senators into
making better choices
before flying off to help clean up any
stragglers
bucky and jw had arrested the rest of
them but
on route to prison the last of the flag
smashers are killed in a car bomb
explosion
set by helmut zemo's butler his final
step complete
in keeping radicalized super terrorists
off the map
and back in dc viveep has rebranded john
walker for all of his good work
away from the captain america ideal
because what the government might really
need when things get weird
is a us agent while over in the next
room
thanks to sam's promise the gdc senator
offers sharon carter a full pardon
and welcomes her home unwittingly
allowing the power broker of the
criminal underworld
back into a position of government
secrets and prototype
weapons for her to sell as she sees fit
oh my god and so it's time for
resolutions all round
bucky bites the bullet and explains to
his old grandpa
drinking buddy that he was the one who
killed the man's son
back in the days of being a hydra agent
giving him closure
and sending the completed list of amends
back to his counsellor
while sam takes isaiah to the captain
america exhibit
where he's had the true history of
isaiah's part in the super soldier
program
added to the records so that america
doesn't forget
and finally honoring the man and thanks
to that shrimp boat
everyone gets a food-filled party where
bucky finds himself
fitting in with a community and the two
boys can finally relax
and enjoy themselves are they seeing
each other now
so thanks a lot for watching and i hope
you've enjoyed having the falcon and the
winter soldier
crammed inside of you putting these
together takes ages so thanks for all
the comments and feedback
i read them all and if you found this
video to be useful
then hey that's great oh
no wait click